50 shades of gray how many of you saw
this movie we gotta set a record
of the box-office there are 94 million
dollars which is the biggest opening
ever for the month of February I wonder
how many people went to see that movie
alone because I it was think about it I
cannot imagine any sentence more
depressing than one ticket for Fifty
Shades but they expected they projected
it would make around sixty million
dollars we went way over that and I'll
tell you something if these people who
lined up to see this movie ever find out
about internet porn they're gonna go
nuts
[Applause]
this new shades of grey the books for
movies lately it's a phenomenon there's
no two ways about it so I thought it
might be a good subject for tonight's
pedestrian question
we went out onto Hollywood Boulevard and
we asked people a simple question we
asked are you kinky okay so here's how
this works we're gonna see someone
introduce himself or herself and then
together as a group we will try to guess
if that person is kinky or says they are
right okay
let's begin James Riverside Caitlin from
Riverside are you guys pinky Caitlin
remember said okay the most everyone
says yes they are just into weird no
weirdest thing he does is this okay so
you have it all right who's next
Julie is from Arkansas Hot Springs
Arkansas are you kinky he's too
everyone says Julius is kinky let's see
what are you kinky yeah I like to do
some freaky stuff
[Applause]
are you kinky all right now we feel
about Miranda for a Montana Wow everyone
says no except for one woman is nodding
very well let's see yeah
what's the kinky thing you've ever done
baby girl really grew up I would have
liked to have seen the parents reaction
to that next my name is Lucia from Olay
are you kinky is oozy kinky yes okay
about what kinky not really why not
yeah why are you holding cereal I'm
hungry I'm eating
he's not Kiki's monkey as what he is I
believe we have another Lauren Brentwood
are you kinky is Lauren
on brentwood interesting everyone says
yes okay sometimes with the kinkiest
thing you've ever done
I dressed up like a kangaroo once
Shelley ago well that is the custom the
local coz it's not kinky it's just
polite is what it is I think we have one
more markers Gladney I'm from Kansas
City Missouri are you kinky all right
let's find out
I am kinky how's that I could show you
better than I can tell you okay okay she
called him on his penis
[Applause]
playing and thanks to all the kinky
people for sharing that with us hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching it
means a lot to me and if you'd like to
take our relationship to the next level
click the subscribe button below I'll
wait for you
[Music]